Update Doc for image Versioning (#89)
IBM/detect-secrets: docs/audit.md

2. Mount the directory containing your code to the Docker image's `/code` folder, since it's the working directory for detect-secrets. The image will automatically update your baseline file and run a report against it:
    - `docker run -it -a stdout --rm -v $(pwd):/code ibmcom/detect-secrets:redhat-ubi-custom`

> #### Image Versioning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Image Versioning
```

> #### Image Versioning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Image Versioning
```

Users can reference a specific version of the detect-secrets redhat-ubi-tagged images. That way one can peg to the specific version for these images as we release newer versions of them instead of using the "latest" version.

`ibmcom/detect-secrets:redhat-ubi`

> - This tag will be considered as the `"latest"` version for the redhat-ubi based detect secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This tag will be considered the `latest` version for the redhat-ubi based detect secrets image.
```

> - This tag will be considered as the `"latest"` version for the redhat-ubi based detect secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This tag will be considered the `latest` version for the redhat-ubi based detect secrets image.
```

`ibmcom/detect-secrets:0.13.1.ibm.48.dss-redhat-ubi`

> - This one will allow users to peg themselves to the specific version, `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`, of the redhat-ubi based detect secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This one will allow users to lock the image to a specific Detect Secrets version, in this case `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`.
```

> - This one will allow users to peg themselves to the specific version, `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`, of the redhat-ubi based detect secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This one will allow users to lock the image to a specific Detect Secrets version, in this case `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`.
```

`ibmcom/detect-secrets:redhat-ubi-custom`

> - This tag will be considered as the `"latest"` version for the redhat-ubi based custom Detect Secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This tag will be considered the `latest` version for the redhat-ubi based custom Detect Secrets image.
```

> - This tag will be considered as the `"latest"` version for the redhat-ubi based custom Detect Secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This tag will be considered the `latest` version for the redhat-ubi based custom Detect Secrets image.
```

`ibmcom/detect-secrets:0.13.1.ibm.48.dss-redhat-ubi-custom`

> - This one will allow users to peg themselves to the specific version, `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`, of the redhat-ubi based custom detect secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This will allow users to lock the image to a specific Detect Secrets version, in this case `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`.
```

> - This one will allow users to peg themselves to the specific version, `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`, of the redhat-ubi based custom detect secrets image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This will allow users to lock the image to a specific Detect Secrets version, in this case `0.13.1.ibm.48.dss`.
```
